# select text, then Command-Shift-Y to play text-to-speech

Ball Saved.

Nice Save.

Shall we go again?

Here's your ball.

Be more careful next time.

Try again.

Oh my.

There is no such thing, as an or dinary cat.

The fortune you seek, is in a cookie.

A nice cake is waiting for you.

You laugh now, wait till you get home.

Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.

Flattery will go far tonight.

He who laughs at himself, never runs out of things to laugh at.

You can always find happiness at work, on Friday.

If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.

When every thing’s coming your way, you’re in the wrong lane.

A new business venture, is on the horizon.

Create your own stage. The audience is waiting.

All the water in the world can't sink a ship, unless it gets inside.

Bread today, is better than cake tomorrow.

A dream you have, will come true.

First bird gets the worm, but second mouse gets the cheese.

Help. I'm being held prisoner, in a chinese cookie factory.

Be a good friend, and a fair enemy.

Tomorrow morning, take a left turn as soon as you leave home.

Don't play leapfrog with a unicorn.

Try the things that others give up on.

What ends on hope, does not end at all.

People enjoy having you around.

Failure is not defeat, until you stop trying.

Forbidden grapes are always sour.

If you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.

Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.

People are naturally attracted to you.

A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.

Your shoes will make you happy today.

Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.

A dream you have will come true.

It is now, and in this world, that we must live.

The love of your life is stepping into your planet this summer.

A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.

Now is the time to try something new.

If winter comes, can spring be far behind?

Keep your eye out for someone special.

You are very talented in many ways.

It's better to be alone sometimes.

You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.

The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.

Fortune favors the brave.

An upward movement initiated in time can counteract fate.

A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.

Sometimes you just need to lay on the floor.

Stay true to those who would do the same for you.

You will always be surrounded by true friends.

All your fingers can't be of the same length.

A letter of great importance may reach you any day now.

You learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today.

Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor.

Patience is a virtue, unless its against a brick wall.

When you look down, all you see is dirt.

The object of your desire comes closer.

Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.

You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.

It never pays to kick a skunk.

Next full moon brings an enchanting evening.

Not all closed eyes are sleeping.

You will take a pleasant journey to a place far away.

A new business venture is on the horizon.

You create your own stage ... the audience is waiting.

It is never too late. Just as it is never too early.

Someday everything will all make perfect sense.

Two small jumps are better than one big leap.

The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.

